welcome to slash forward time to sit
back and relax because in this episode
we're going to enjoy a much more natural
biological process as we continue our
exploration of inter-special conception
with the 1981
banger in seminoid if you're interested
in more twin studies involving human
alien hybrids
please subscribe to the channel let's
get to it
we open in space listening to the
narration of a space
log while investigating an abandoned
prior expedition the outpost team has
found a strange
tomb-like structure so now they're doing
that first thing but
also happily seeing what they can learn
about the prior inhabitants of this
planet we start with a couple of
explorers
basking in the warmth of this dual star
system pausing occasionally to snag some
really terrific samples
dean happens upon a wall carving can you
read it can you make it up
well no dean it's an alien culture but
as he ventures further down and
in the radios start to get a bit spotty
he tries to call back to ricky when some
sort of light phenomenon approaches
which then just skeets in his face this
really gets the ladies scrambling as
ricky is brought back for treatment
dean's whereabouts are currently unknown
holly immediately lays into gary about
the problems with communications which
he suggests were subject to some sort of
frequency block dammit that can't be
right gary you ignorant [ __ ]
ollie then heads to the medbay for an
update but the dock is too busy
carefully preserving the crystals to
talk now
meanwhile some of the others have suited
up and are attempting to evacuate dean's
corpse
before they have any new info holly is
interviewed by the chief information
officer
introducing some more characters and
giving a nice recap of the plot so far
then there's a huge announcement dean
has been found
is he dead yeah mostly during the mess
hall debrief mitch wants to get back in
that corridor to examine them
inscriptions he suggests that they imply
the previous race believed in a twin
heavy mythology
which is very interesting to him but
then they discuss the pros and cons of
risking their safety over this versus
finishing the work they came to do
in the limited time they have before the
transport comes to get them holly
ultimately decides that the unknown
energy fields lie beyond the scope of
their mission
calls it off instead requesting the
outpost chiropractor distract the crew
with massage and manual adjustments
then to add a couple more identical
characters to the roster gail calls mark
to request that he and sandy go
investigate an electrical disturbance in
the lab but they opt to forego any sort
of technical investigation and instead
investigate each other's anatomy with
some full body hugging meanwhile the
crystals are going nuts nearby causing
ricky to heat up like a furnace
the dock runs across ricky who we learn
is searching for his tunnel bro
dean he's determined to find him even if
it means killing all who stand in his
way
to that end he proceeds to administer
head trauma to all challengers before
running off
right when they haven't cornered they
split off on separate paths leaving
brunette
male to explore in solitude this makes
it fairly easy for the rickster to slip
by and hop on the travel carts which he
uses to get away
at a moderate speed but this is
primarily attributable to holly not
keeping up on her cardio he then locks
himself in the cavern where old gear
just keeps a close eye on him from the
camera room he wanders around until he
comes across
gail who gets her foot all jammed up in
the scuffle with the outer door open
they struggle to find a way to override
the airlock and get to her
[Music]
quickly she's trying damn you with her
thermal regulator busted gary
carefully instructs her to connect the
blue and yellow wires while the others
yell at her you have to do it yourself
holly please as her temperature drops
and attention rises
gail takes her advice to heart and grabs
her fate by the tail
sucking off her oxygen tube while trying
to heal her foot to save herself
while i applaud the effort the outcome
is indicated by everyone walking away
disappointed
back out at the site ricky starts
tossing rocks around sending that one
chick back to the airlock
the sight of gail sends her into a tizzy
allowing ricky to catch up with her
before she can steal the airlocks out
her door
but not one to go out like a [ __ ] kate
blasts his ass with a dart gun
after everyone is settled she finds
herself trying to justify her actions
as if they didn't all see ricky go crazy
and risk everyone's lives
the doctor diagnoses ricky with crystal
paranoia a common defect in these types
of outposts
but they wisely decide to collect a few
more samples just to be sure
after the space funeral they get back to
business mitch comes to the conclusion
there's something out there
feeding on the crystal's energy so they
go out to explore understanding this
time that they'll lose audio if they
stray too far
despite this sandy pretends like she
understands mitch
and then splits off on her own she's
pursued by an ominous shadow which she
leads back to mitch who is then
victimized in brutal fashion
zany then finds herself on an
examination table where she hallucinates
the doc is
doing stuff to her but no trust breaking
here it's actually this thing
essentially inserting a heaping dose of
pickled eggs into her she wakes up in
the med bay in response to all their
questions with full mouth yarbling
in response they go ahead and sedate her
and let her get some rest when she
finally comes to later she's feeling
nauseated and dehydrated and she has an
unidentifiable arm wound the doc goes to
report out on his findings to holly
here we learn that she's also two months
preggers despite anti-pregnancy
injections being part of their normal
monthly physicals
later outside seismic events turn the
tomb into dust
pretty much ending their expedition at
this point so now they occupy their time
with various leisure activities while
awaiting further contact from the
transport
sandy mills about and finds herself
being drawn to the energy of the
crystals and basks in their green glow
then she makes a pit stop at the
restroom where a quick flash causes her
to thrash barbara
i didn't know that's what goes on in the
ladies room not fully satisfied she then
goes ahead and opens her up to air out
her insides but she seems to regret
doing it which is kinda good holly walks
in and bears witness to the grisly scene
sandy doesn't appreciate her judgmental
stares so she chases her off while the
boys puzzle
over the feminine mystique then a very
generic announcement goes out warning
everyone to lock down
and admit no personnel into your room
without specifying that they're avoiding
sandy holly then calls mark to tell him
what happened to barbara and
asks him to get sharon but we're sharing
more importantly
who is sharon while sandy takes a brief
moment to note the newfound rotundness
of her womb
mark arrives and very aggressively tries
to gain admittance to sharon's quarters
she rightly refuses his request until
she confirms it with holly who then
instructs them to get food from the mess
hall before coming to the control bridge
see then goes to the medical freezer
where we see that she stokes the fires
of her super metabolism
by eating dean once fueled up she's
ready to go do some stalking
so she sneaks out and takes out some of
the security cameras while this is going
on the others group up and discuss her
possible motivations for doing this
but then they ask kate her opinion and
realize that she's not there her ears
must have been burning because she wakes
up at just that moment and it doesn't
even matter that she's not privy to the
danger
because when sandy hops out at her she
doesn't hesitate to deliver some brutal
karate to her face
and liver then the boys arrive and gary
tees off thirsty for some violence
but he finds out that sandy's got a chin
this leaves them to ponder the best way
to resolve this
which can be interpreted as the best way
to kill sandy but while they're messing
about with this she's putting explosive
charges all up in their [ __ ]
causing him to go on high alert when
they're set off holly wants to go and
restrain her with the burn gun so the
doc can sedate her while they work this
out she takes a moment to cry in the
corner as her brain attempts to swell
clean out of her cranium after gearing
up they walk very currently down the
corridors
once they find her they waste plenty of
time trying to soothe her which is an
obvious mistake because she predictably
turns on them and with holly's limited
trigger discipline
she ends up burning a hole in the dock's
back leaving him vulnerable to taking a
dumbbell to the dome
sandy then turns on holly who begs for
help sharon helps
in the only way she knows how by running
away if it was to get
help she apparently forgot because she
never mentions to anyone what happened
now sandy's fully leaning into this
whole situation requesting through the
intercom that they all just come on out
and meter since they can't go anywhere
anyway
gary and kate then enact a plan to sneak
out the back to find supplies
they make it a good way but run across
holly's body causing kate to let out a
scream they continue on and get their
hands on some sweet melee weapons but
then sandy catches up with them
gary immediately goes for the gun smash
and is disturbingly satisfied about his
choice
afterward they somehow get split up and
kate finds herself crouching in a corner
clutching a jumpsuit
sandy finds her here but gary is able to
lay down a sufficient distraction to
ensure their escape then the tables are
momentarily turned when gary gets at her
with some hedge clippers
and then he heads for the sanctuary of
open space feeling assured of his safety
he just hangs out here for a minute
while sandy decides to do some limits
testing discovering that she can easily
breathe in the atmosphere now with it
now
obviously over she wastes no time
harpooning gary with a bolt gun
in his confusion he summons the audacity
to make a request
but she just watches him die slow before
taking a little nibble of his soft parts
to fuel her growing body
and now mark has had enough he's ding
dang diddly mad and he goes tearing off
through the outpost like a wild beast
and sets explosive charges along the way
luckily he's allowed to do this at his
leisure as elsewhere sandy's reaching
the end of the gestation period she
works her pants off with her feet and
begins to scream thrust that sucker out
of her now
if i can take just a moment of your time
i have to say that we have
certainly observed our fair share of ute
splats in various videos
but here for the first time we bear
witness to an actual emergence from the
birth canal and all its gentle beauty
and that makes us all parents now when
mark arrives we see that it was twins
remember that it's important now somehow
in the subsequent chase sandy manages to
snag his transmitter and starts scooping
up all the cherry bombs and placing them
around the control room door
while she's busy blasting open the door
and really trashing the set that the
crew worked so hard on
merc circled back to scoop up her babies
they stash useless sharon with the twins
and plan on lying in wade for cindy's
inevitable arrival but mark doesn't
understand waiting so he runs at full
speed down the hall but does
manage to intercept sandy and
ineffectually swat at her head
she employs an ancient technique biting
her assailant below the knee to
interrupt his qi and render him
unconscious
kate then disarms herself and runs right
into the concussive blast of the
explosive
mark wakes back up and does his very
best to run with his knee now in pieces
and succumbs to an unexpected work
hazard in this lower chamber he manages
to eventually sloppily wrap a wire
harness around sandy's neck
thus rendering her deceased he stumbles
back to check in on sharon and the
kiddos and finds her in the process of
being consumed before he is also
attacked
then we end with a new new crew on yet
another mission to check on the
abandoned outpost that was checking on
an abandoned outpost
they don their most aggressive bmx
helmets and explore
noting total destruction of the facility
and several mutilated bodies
and as they attempt to wrap things up we
see that texas acquired a couple of
stowaways on the ship
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch
and i'd like to take a moment to give a
huge thanks to my donors memorialized in
the hall of head shots
in seminoid is a true goodly bad movie
because it's not just that it creates a
poor presentation it's that all the
actors are being completely earnest
while turning in truly
baffling performances it's one of those
films where it's
right on the edge of almost making it
but then falls flat on a space while
farting on the way down what i'm saying
is i cannot recommend this movie enough
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching